INTRODUCTION- Cricket is the foremost loved game. The sport begins in england within the 16th country. Today start just a game in india is a religion with more and more fan increasing the world the game cricket may even overtake football as the most fanbase sport in the world. Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar is an indian former international cricketer who captained the indian national team.  He is regarded one of the greatest batsman in the history of cricket. He is the all time highest run-scorer in both ODI and test format with more than 18000 runs and 15000 runs respectively in total
DATASET- From the dataset we have done the data analysis by using linear regression. Linear regression analysis is used to predict the value of a variable based on the value of another variable. The two variable used in this regression are called dependent and independent. Dependent(Mathch_result) and independent(batting_score).
DEPENDENT(Match_result)-The result in a game of cricket may be a "win" for one of the two teams playing, or a "tie". In the case of a limited overs game, the game can also end with "no result" if the game can't be finished on time (usually due to weather or bad light), and in other forms of cricket, a "draw" may be possible. Which of these results applies, and how the result is expressed, is governed by Law 16 of the laws of cricket.
INDEPENDENT(Batting_score)-In cricket, batting is the act or skill of hitting the ball with a bat to score runs and prevent the loss of one's wicket. Any player who is currently batting is, since September 2021, officially referred to as a batter (historically, the terms "batsman" and "batswoman" were used), regardless of whether batting is their particular area of expertise.
In this data set we processed linear regression, using X-shape and Y-shape, and  drop the unwanted columns then we can get selected data, and reshape the values of X and y, plotted the data set  and  finally we get the predicted data.
We create a different types of charts for the sachin tendulkar data set like (Bar chart, Pie chart, Line chart, Scatter chart).
CONCLUSION- Finally using the linear regression we predict the dataset for sachin tendulkar's Batting_score and Match_result.
this work is done by                                                                                                                                                                        P.SRIDHANYA                                                                                                                                                              E.DINUSHA                                                                                                                                                                P.JAYAMALINI                                                                                                                                                              M.AAFIYA
